If you're using claw code the way that
most people do, you're leaving a huge
amount on the table. And it's not
because the tool itself is limited, but
because of how you're approaching it. So
most tutorials show isolated tricks, and
what they don't show you is how those
techniques can compound when used
together. So in this video, I'm walking
you through 10 claw code techniques that
build on each other, starting with
changes that immediately improve your
results and ending with workflows even
experienced users or most never use. So
whether you've just opened Claude code
for the first time or you run it daily,
stick around because by the end of this
you won't just work faster. You'll be
able to use Claude in ways that probably
haven't even crossed your mind yet. Now
let's start up with the newly
releasleased agent teams. Now most
people are either running one clawed
code session or starting to use sub
agents. And that's fine for simple
tasks, but if you're working on more
complex projects, it's not good enough
anymore. So agent teams let multiple
clawed instances work in parallel as
well as talk to each other. So before
the agent teams feature was released a
few days ago, people tended towards
using sub agents which had this
delegation architecture. So we had the
main parent agent delegating to
individual sub aents. So say we had a
content writer as our main agent and we
wanted help from a researcher and we
wanted help from a content reviewer as
well. Those would be specialist sub
aents that would have delegated tasks
from that main agent and pass their
outputs back to the main agent. The
problem as you start to expand the scope
of this project is that we've got more
sub aents feeding into this main agent
and we end up with a communication
bottleneck. Those sub aents aren't able
to communicate to each other and
therefore everything must be processed
by that main agent. Now in contrast to
the new architecture the claude code
agent teams we have a main agent again
which is able to talk to those teammates
or sub agents but the key differences
here are one they have a shared task
list so each teammate can contribute and
pull from that shared task list but also
they can talk to each other so they know
exactly what's going on by collaborating
with their other teammates as well as
the shared task list as well as still
maintaining the ability to talk to the
main agent which act as an orchestrator
here. Now, this obviously comes at
higher cost because more conversations
between agents means higher use of
tokens. So, there's only certain use
cases in which I'd recommend this. Super
easy to install. You just add this line
to your settings.json file and then make
sure you run clawed update so that
you're on the latest version where it's
accessible. But the tip is actually all
around where not to use this because
from my non-development use cases,
there's not many areas where I'd
actually start to use this. So the first
area where I would not use this is
creating an agent team that researches
and writes my social media posts for
LinkedIn and X where we have three
agents. We have a researcher, we have a
reviewer and we have a writer. The exact
framework we talked about up here. Now
the reason I would not use it here is
the scope is really limited. We're just
writing say for example 5 to 10 social
media posts. So actually can be done
with probably a single task and at best
it has three different agents that don't
need to collaborate with each other. The
researcher doesn't need to talk to the
reviewer. It does need to pass
information back to our main agent, the
writer. And the reviewer also passes
information back to the writer. But they
don't need to cross collaborate between
each other. So it's totally overkill for
this use case. Now, where agent teams
start to shine is when you start to have
more complex projects where cross
collaboration is critical. So, in the
same content creation flow, we could
have dropping a YouTube transcript into
a project folder, getting teammate one
to write a long form SEO optimized blog
article, teammate 2 to write a LinkedIn
carousel script focusing on hooks, and
teammate 3 to write an email newsletter
version. And what we want from this
project is there not to be any
contradicting hooks or contradicting
information across one, two, and three.
And therefore, we're starting to
actually need some collaboration between
teammates one to three, like what angle
are you working on so I don't duplicate
that angle? But where it really starts
to shine is when you have really complex
apps. So say for example, we're building
an X.js app. With Stripe, we have three
different agent layers, all with their
own complexities. We have the API layer,
we have the front-end layer, and we have
a testing agent that goes out and does
all the testing and creates those tests.
Now, the API agent and the front-end
agent are constantly going to need to
talk to the test agent so the test agent
can spin up their own tests. This in the
sub aent format would become a
bottleneck because the main agent is
actually handling too much of the
delegation. Whereas, if they have a
shared task list and they're able to
collaborate with each other, this
becomes a lot more effective. That being
said, it's going to be quicker but still
more expensive. And by the way, with
agents, you can bypass the lead
entirely. Navigate to a specific
teammate like the testing layer using
shift up and down on your keyboard and
you're then able to give tasks to a
specific agent. So, I'd summarize it by
don't start with agent teams. Start
simple. graduate to sub agents and then
when you reach the point where the
complexity and the collaboration is
necessary then reach for agent teams.
Now tip number two and these three get
confused constantly hooks skills and
slash commands but I'm going to give you
a really simple way to remember them. So
slash commands kept in the doclaude
folder inside commands just have one
single markdown file and think of this
as you press a button and action is
taken on you telling it to take that
action. So we might have slashlin posts
where we write three LinkedIn posts
about a certain topic. We can look
inside the MD file and it's like write
three LinkedIn post variations and we
pass our arguments in. So we'd run it by
going / LinkedIn post and we'd now pass
our arguments. So say we wanted to write
about MCPS. We'd write three LinkedIn
post variations about MCPS. When that
starts running, you'll see that it
starts to actually require certain
skills. So it's starting to use the
humanizer skill and the brand voice
skill. So it brings us on to skills
where unlike slash commands, we're not
telling it to use it at that specific
time and activating it by pressing a
button. Claude understands from the
description of the skill when to use
that skill. So skills can be more
comprehensive and Claude understands
when to use them rather than us telling
them when to use them. So for example,
inside our Claude skills, we might have
a brand voice skill. It might have
examples for the brand voice for
different platforms like LinkedIn X and
Instagram. It might have a band words
list and then it will always have a
skill.md which gives this description
which tells claude to always use the
brand voice guidelines for every time it
writes social media content. That's how
it knows to use that skill. Now we back
that up by putting a line in our claw.md
file. Every time you write some content,
make sure to use these skills. But
actually it would know without the
claw.md file from this description to
use that skill. So skills are more
comprehensive. You can give more context
than you can with commands which just
have one file and they also are invoked
automatically by claude. Hooks
completely different. Hooks don't
require any LLM tokens at all and it's
for stuff that can be done
programmatically without the need for
AI. So we might for example for our
content flow have a band word checker.
We'd add this to our settings.json JSON
file. And what that would basically do
is tell us if there are any output
drafts added to that file, then make
sure to check them for these band words
and report back whether those words were
found or not. So if you think about the
full content pipeline, we would run /in
post to write about MCPS. Claude would
understand and use the brand voice skill
automatically and the hooks would then
check for the band words in the
background. So they work together as a
three. It brings us nicely onto tip
number three. The one tip I'll give you
for claw.mmd files, which is point don't
dump. So most people dump their entire
brand guide, the content pillars, the
brand voice, the audience research and
example post into their claude.mmd file.
Do not do that. Keep claw.md lean and
point to where the detail lives. Don't
dump the detail itself. So the
recommendation is 20 to 30 lines in your
claude.md file and this is loaded into
the context every time you have a
conversation with Claude. So what you
want to do is only include the relevant
context and then point it to the other
bits it will need to know at certain
times. So if it's writing some content,
it knows to look in the skills/humanizer
to understand how it should write. Same
as the brand voice there. So Claude can
read those files only when it needs them
and therefore you get a clean scannable
claude.mmd that doesn't eat up your
context window cuz you're not passing in
too much information every time. Which
brings us nicely onto plugins. So, we've
got skills, we've got hooks, we've got
slash commands. But what if you want to
share a collection of those with someone
else or install somebody else's setup?
This is where plugins come in. And
they're not additional to those. They're
actually just how we distribute it or
how we get it on our own system. So,
it's just a package of skills, commands,
and hooks, as well as potentially agents
so that we can install them in one go.
So, we've got Claude plug-in
marketplace, and we add a certain plugin
from a plug-in marketplace. And with
those two commands, you've literally got
all of their command, skills, and hooks.
So, an example for a content creation
might be that somebody has a Reddit
research plugin. It includes a skill
that teaches Claude how to analyze
Reddit threads. It includes a Reddit
research command that triggers deep
research. And it also includes a hook
that automatically summarizes our
findings of those two into a mark down
file. Instead of installing three
individually, we run these two commands
on the plug-in. We get the whole
workflow straight away. So, think of it
as a package collection of skills,
hooks, commands, and agents. Install it
once and get the whole workflow. Now,
one thing I will say is the ecosystem
for plugins is still very dev focused,
but the concept is very powerful and
hopefully there'll be less dev focused
plugins coming to claw code. So, tip
number five is going to help you search
and bring back up context that you've
lost from previous conversations. So, so
you can load up claw code and ask
something like what have we spoken about
in the last week in all my projects?
Give me a summary. And they live in this
Claude projects global file. So, I'm
going to run that and it should
hopefully come up with a summary of
exactly what we've spoken about. and
then ask if I want to pick up on any of
those conversation topics. You can
search this manually by actually running
the command line, but just to be honest,
ask Lord Code to do it for you because
it's much quicker. So, three of our last
six projects had activity. The other
three had no recent conversations. It's
gone and given us a breakdown of all the
different projects, the number of
sessions and a general summary of each
session as well and what came out of it.
And then I can dig into details like
tell me more about the agent teams that
we created in the claw code demo folder
when we explored agent teams. And it
will obviously go and restore that
history. So this is really useful for
bringing back up context again or
continuing a conversation that's been
previously closed. So tip six is all
about research workarounds. So claude
code infamously can't access every site.
So if you want data from things like
Reddit, some news sites, paywalled
content, it will be just blocked. So
whenever you try to run this, you'll get
claw code is unable to fetch from Reddit
and then it will go and do some web
searches around the topics, but it won't
actually pull specific details from a
tool like Reddit or X. Now this tip is
from YK in his 45 claude code tips and
I'll leave a link in the description
below. There's some brilliant tips
inside here and one of them is this
research workaround. So actually you
should get Claude to install the Gemini
command line interface as a fallback. So
if it can't search Reddit, then Gemini
actually has broader web access. So what
we're going to do is basically install
the Gemini command line interface. Going
to leave that running. And then we're
going to add a Reddit fetch skill. So
inside the skills, we'll have this
Reddit fetch with the skill.md. And
we're going to say when asked to fetch
content from Reddit or other block sites
X. It's going to start a teamwork
session. It's going to use the Gemini
command line interface to actually give
it a prompt. Gemini, go and fetch and
summarize and then give it URLs. It's
going to capture the output and return
the results. So, it's a workaround to go
and get information from Reddit or other
sites that you set up for it by actually
accessing through Gemini, which has
broader web search than claw code.
Gemini's CLI is installed. We're going
to now need to actually restart our
instance to get this skill to be
registered. We're going to ask it to
fetch this Reddit thread and summarize
it. And we've just got a random Reddit
thread here from the artificial
intelligence subreddit. It's
successfully fetched the skill. So now
it's been able to return the top posts
from our artificial including the number
of points, the number of comments, and a
summary of what content is coming from
that Reddit thread. Now I'll be honest,
that last one struggled a bit. It didn't
pull from a specific thread. It just
summarized generalized information. But
this next tip, which is 30 days of
research in 30 seconds, is going to be a
gamecher for this. So if you want
trending topic research, whether that's
you want to understand the latest
prompting techniques, you want to
understand what's trending and what the
community is saying about a particular
topic, then we're going to use this
skill called last 30 days, which is able
to scan Reddit and X for discussions in
the last 30 days. Synthesize the
patterns and deliver either copypaste
prompts or comprehensive research that
we're going to use. Credit to this
GitHub repo here, which gives some more
info about how it's actually used. We
need to add our OpenAI API keys. We need
to add our XAI API keys. So let's run
this in the background and then we'll
talk about usage. So we would
effectively use it by using a slash
command last 30 days and we'd say topic
or topic for tool. So it could be
prompting techniques for chat for legal
questions iOS app mockups for Figma AI.
What are the best rap songs? What are
the LinkedIn hooks that are working
right now? So trending topics on
LinkedIn. And the way this differs is
it's able to access specific Reddit and
Twitter threads so that we're able to
summarize that information succinctly so
we don't hit those same pay walls. And
the GitHub gives some great examples of
where it's used and what the outputs
are. If you want to see those outputs,
we've got Claudebot use cases like
community research, what were the best
Claudebot use cases in the last 30 days,
email calendar automation, we saw those
already. Task management via chat,
overnight coding agent, smart home and
life admin, and browser automation. So
we're going to get it to add our API
keys. Then we're going to try it out. So
then once we restart, we can run the
command last 30 days and say exactly
what we want to research. So, we're
going to run three in parallel. SAS
landing page mockups for an SEO tool.
So, I want a nano banana prompt to
generate SAS landing page mockups. I
want the latest Claude code news. And I
want AI automation YouTube content
that's working right now. And you can
see it says, I'll research AI automation
YouTube content that's working right now
across Reddit X and the web to find out
what's been discussed in the last 30
days. It breaks down the topic, the
target tool, and the query type. So for
example, it's clearer on the SAS landing
p page mockups for nano banana. The
target tool is nano banana. The query
type is prompting rather than general or
trending topics here. Research typically
takes 2 to 8 minutes. It's going to
start that. We'll come back once it's
finished and show you the outputs of all
three of those. And this is super
interesting. So for the nano banana
prompts, it's come back that JSON
structured prompts actually dominate
nano banana, which I did not know. So
the highest performing prompts always in
JSON format with nested properties like
visual style, preservation constraints
and image prompts. Plain text prompts
get less traction and basically this is
the format that community has converged
on. Website hero prompts already exist.
Reality first system prompt is the hot
technique that forces photorealistic
editorial documentary quality and it's
research six threads seen 240 up votes,
23 posts on X and 30 pages on the web.
So it talks about which are the top
voices and how many likes they've got.
So, it backs up this with actual
research and it's literally done that in
2 minutes 17 seconds. I'm now an expert
on SAS landing page mockups for Nano
Banana. What do you want to make? Let's
do a 3x3 brand identity grid with
dashboard screenshots all in one
generation. And then we'll be able to
actually put that inside Nano Banana and
see what it comes up with. Whilst that's
loading, let's take a look at the Claude
Code news. Opus 4.6 launched Feb the
5th. Claude Code now accounts for 4% of
all public GitHub commits. Not surprised
there. Claude Code for marketing went
viral. So, Savannah Feder's launch post
hit 14K likes, announcing a version that
browses, clicks, and posts like a human
would. Claude Co-work hit Windows, etc.,
etc. So, it's gone through Reddit, X,
the web, and Top Voices. Again, this is
really cool. I'm liking this a lot. And
then our final one was AI automation.
YouTube content that's working right
now. AI plus history is the breakout
niche. New channels with only a few
uploads are pulling 100K to 800K videos
per view using hyperrealistic AI visuals
and long- form storytelling. 3D skeleton
animations, full end-to-end automation
tools. So, let's jump back to the nano
banana prompt. We've got the image
prompt here. You can see it's in this
JSON format with the type, the layout,
the visual style. Says to swap the hex
colors out for our actual brand palette
and change SEO in the center tile to
your product name. So, it's returned our
3x3 grids for the website itself, which
mocks up some dashboards. And what I'm
surprised about most is the consistency
between these. So, I've run it twice,
but you can see the prompt is actually
so good that it's actually generated
pretty consistently. You can see the
laptop in the top left, project board
with people on in the bottom right.
We've got the project board again,
slightly different text, but the laptop
on the left. So, the consistency of this
shows that it's actually gone out and
put together a really consistent prompt.
Whether we like the visuals or not, we
can change those. So, definitely check
out the last 30 days skill by Ronny
Nutrition here. Now, coming back with
tip number eight, which is built-in
commands again by YK. These are super
useful ones and you can use them super
quickly and you'll use them fairly
frequently. The first is slash clear. So
it's going to clear up the conversation
history and free up our context. So it's
going to compress that context window
and we start again. The second is /
usage. So we can see our planned usage
limit. So our current session we've used
15% of our actual Opus 4.6 usage and
current week we've used 2%. So we've
still got loads to go on our max plan.
Here we can get usage over time with the
command stats and we can see that our
usage over time I've only recently
started using this and I've had 201
sessions and my longest session has been
1 day 21 hours and it gives this nice
little finish. You've used the same
number of tokens as the book Moby Dick
or you've used 24 more tokens than War
in Peace. Now tip nine is all about
getting the output into the format that
you want. So you're often working
between apps. Say you're working to
create LinkedIn posts using claw code
and you don't have your MCP connected to
your LinkedIn. What you would actually
tell Claude to do is just copy it
directly to your clipboard. So we don't
need to go in uh to the file itself
C etc. We can just say add a LinkedIn
post to my clipboard. You all know the
pain when you're copying between chat or
claude and LinkedIn and it doesn't have
the correct formatting. The bullets are
lost. The emojis don't appear. The bold
doesn't appear etc. But when you use
this function here, you can actually one
ask it to write in LinkedIn native
format with no markdown headers. Just
use emoji bullets and it gives the
examples instead of that. And two, ask
it to just copy it to your clipboard and
it will copy to your clipboard. You'll
take it to LinkedIn. You'll paste it on
here and obviously we've got three
variations in here. But you can see the
formatting of bullets and arrows etc.
are maintained throughout there. So it's
makes it super simple to work between
different platforms. And a trick for
this is also to copy it directly into a
notion page which then enables the
conversion to be done really easily. So
if you're not working in LinkedIn and
you're not doing it in a LinkedIn native
format, always post it into a new notion
page. It will maintain that markdown
formatting and then notion supposedly
when you copy from notion will convert
to the output format of whatever
platform you're using. Now this doesn't
seem to work very well for LinkedIn.
Hence I asked it to do a LinkedIn native
format. The key point is you can
actually just get it to copy directly to
your clipboard with no effort at all.
And tip number 10 is something we've all
come across, which is Claude confidently
writing a statistic or claim and not
actually going through and verifying
that. So, a quick tip here is to
actually just tell it double check every
claim and statistic and make a table of
what you could and couldn't verify,
including the source. It's now got a
bunch of uh versions of posts about MCPS
with facts in them. Each post uses
different facts so they don't feel
repetitive. And I'm now going to say
double check every claim and statistic,
make a table of what you could verify.
So it's going to come up with the
source, what has been verified, etc. So
it's a double check before we're posting
any information with facts that are
potentially hallucinations are not true.
And this demonstrates it really well
because we've got the fact check table
in a markdown document and all of the
claims it's made. Eight claims in three
different versions used in these
versions either verified. So MCP
launched November 2024. That is been
verified. Downloads 100K to 8 million in
five months. Is unverified. So it's got
no primary source, no methodology cited,
and it's a single blog. So it's saying
that's not proof enough. Somebody's just
said that including these cannot verify,
cannot verify. So if there's no multiple
sources there, it's going to tell us we
cannot verify it. And it's going to say
remove claims 5 67, soften claims 2, and
three, or swap for official numbers. So
even in just asking it to do that, it's
gone out and got a single point of
validation and called it a fact. And now
we have a way to actually fact check
that and make sure that all the facts
that we're putting out there are
actually verifiable facts. Now that
rounds up the 10 tips to use Claude code
more effectively. These are going to be
absolutely fundamental for my different
workflows and I hope they'll be for
yours as well. If you want to check out
a deeper dive into claude code, then
check out the next